PRE-INFORMATION FORM
1 SUBJECT
The subject of this Sales Contract Preliminary Information Form covers the rights and obligations of the parties in relation to the sale and delivery of the product / products that the seller sells to the buyer who has given the order and whose qualifications and sales price are specified below. By accepting this preliminary information form, the buyer accepts that if the contract subject confirms the order, he will be under the obligation to pay the price subject to the order and, if any, additional charges such as shipping fee, tax, and he has been informed about it.
2. COMPANY INFORMATION
Title: Buyo Group Consultancy Communication and Sales Trade Inc.
Address: Boğaziçi University Bebek, 34342 Beşiktaş / İstanbul
Telephone: 0212 020 2896 (BUYO)
Fax: 0212 020 2897
Email: info@buyo.com
3 CONTRACT SUBJECT PRODUCT / PRODUCTS INFORMATION
3.1 The main features (type, quantity, brand / model, color, number) of the Good / Product / Products / Service are available on the website of the seller. You can examine the basic features of the product during the campaign. It is valid until the campaign date.
3.2 The prices listed and announced on the site are the sales price. The announced prices and promises are valid until they are updated and changed. The prices announced periodically are valid until the end of the specified period.
3.3 The selling price of the contracted good or service, including all taxes, is shown in the table below.
 
The shipping fee, which is the shipping cost of the product, will be paid by the buyer.
4. GENERAL PROVISIONS
4.1. Buyer accepts, declares and undertakes that he / she reads the preliminary information about the basic characteristics of the product subject to the contract, sales price and payment method and delivery on the website of the seller and gives the necessary confirmation electronically. Buyer'S; Confirming the Preliminary Information electronically, before the establishment of the distance sales contract, the address to be given to the buyer by the seller, the basic features of the ordered products, the price of the products including taxes, and the payment and delivery information are accepted, declared and committed. .
 
4.2. Each product subject to the contract is delivered to the person and / or organization at the address indicated by the buyer or buyer within the period specified in the preliminary information section on the website, depending on the distance of the buyer's settlement, provided that it does not exceed the legal period of 30 days. If the product cannot be delivered to the buyer within this period, the buyer reserves the right to terminate the contract.
 
4.3.Seller shall deliver the product subject to the contract in full, in accordance with the qualifications specified in the order, and with the warranty documents, user manuals, if any, without any defects, the information and documents required by the legal regulations and in accordance with the standards and the business integrity and honesty It accepts, declares and undertakes to perform within the scope of the work, to maintain and increase the service quality, to show the necessary attention and care during the performance of the work, to act with prudence and foresight.
4.4.Seller may supply a different product of equal quality and price by informing the buyer and obtaining its explicit approval before the contractual performance obligation expires.
 
4.5.Seller accepts, declares and undertakes that if it fails to fulfill the contractual obligations in case the fulfillment of the product or service subject to the order becomes impossible, it will notify the consumer in writing within 3 days from the date of learning and return the total price to the buyer within 14 days. .
 
4.6.The buyer accepts, declares and undertakes that it will confirm this Preliminary Information Form electronically for the delivery of the contractual product, and if the contractual product price is not paid for any reason and / or is canceled in the bank records, the seller's obligation to deliver the contractual product will end. does.
 
4.7.Buyer, if the price of the product subject to the contract is not paid to the seller by the relevant bank or financial institution as a result of the unfair use of the credit card belonging to the buyer after the delivery of the product subject to the contract to the person and / or organization at the address indicated by the buyer or buyer It accepts, declares and undertakes that it will return the subject product to the seller within 3 days, shipping costs to be borne by the seller.
 
4.8.Seller accepts, declares and undertakes that it will notify the buyer if it cannot deliver the product subject to the contract within due time due to force majeure situations such as the occurrence of unforeseen, unpredictable and preventing and / or delaying the fulfillment of the debts of the parties. The buyer is also entitled to demand from the seller to cancel the order, replace the product subject to the contract with a precedent, and / or postpone the delivery period until the obstacle is eliminated. In case the order is canceled by the buyer, in the payments made by the buyer in cash, the amount of the product is for 14 days.

5. RIGHT TO WITHDRAWAL
5.1. The buyer; In distant contracts regarding the sale of goods, within 14 (fourteen) days from the date of delivery to the product itself or to the person / organization at the address indicated, it can use the right to withdraw from the contract by refusing the goods without any legal and criminal liability and without any justification, provided that the seller is notified. In distant contracts for service provision, this period starts from the date the contract is signed. Before the right of withdrawal expires, the right of withdrawal cannot be exercised in service contracts whose service is started with the approval of the consumer. The costs arising from the use of the right of withdrawal belong to the seller. The buyer accepts in advance that he has been informed about the right of withdrawal by accepting this contract.
5.2 In order to use the right of withdrawal, a written notification must be made to the seller by registered mail, fax or e-mail within 14 (fourteen) days and the product must not be used in accordance with the provisions of the "Products for which the Right of Withdrawal cannot be exercised" set forth in this contract. If this right is exercised,
5.2.13. the invoice of the product delivered to the person or the buyer, (If the invoice of the product to be returned is corporate, it must be sent together with the return invoice issued by the institution when returning it.
52.2. Return form,
5.2.3. The products to be returned must be delivered complete and undamaged, together with the box, packaging and standard accessories, if any.
5.2.4.The seller is obliged to return the total price and the documents that put the buyer under debt within 10 days from the receipt of the withdrawal notice to the buyer and to receive the return within 20 days.
5.2.5. If there is a decrease in the value of the goods due to a reason caused by the buyer's fault or if the return becomes impossible, the buyer is liable to compensate the seller's damages at the rate of his fault. However, the buyer is not responsible for the changes and deteriorations caused by the proper use of the product or product within the right of withdrawal.
5.2.6 If the campaign limit amount set by the seller is reduced due to the exercise of the right of withdrawal, the discount amount used within the scope of the campaign is canceled.


6. PRODUCTS THAT CANNOT BE USED OF WITHDRAWAL 
6.1.a) Contracts for goods or services whose prices vary depending on fluctuations in financial markets and are not under the control of the seller or the supplier.
b) Contracts for goods prepared in line with the consumer's wishes or personal needs.
c) Contracts for the delivery of perishable or expired goods.
ç) Of the goods whose protective elements such as packaging, tape, seal, package have been opened after delivery; Contracts for the delivery of those whose return is not eligible for health and hygiene.
d) Contracts for goods that are mixed with other products after delivery and cannot be separated by their nature.
e) Contracts relating to books, digital content and computer consumables, data recording and data storage devices provided in the material environment if the protective elements such as packaging, tape, seal, package are opened after the delivery of the goods.
f) Contracts for the delivery of periodicals such as newspapers and magazines, except those provided under the subscription agreement.
g) Contracts for the use of leisure time for accommodation, moving furniture, car rental, food and beverage supply and entertainment or recreation, which should be made on a specific date or period.
ğ) Contracts relating to services rendered instantly in electronic environment or real estate goods delivered immediately to the consumer.
h) Contracts regarding the services started with the approval of the consumer before the right of withdrawal expires.
Cosmetics and personal care products, underwear products, swimwear, bikinis, books, copyable software and programs, DVD, VCD, CD and cassettes and stationery consumables (toner, cartridge, tape, etc.) and they must not be used.